When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    You would want to use a remote for several reasons. You are collaborating with others, you are working on several different computers, desktop at home, laptop at coffeeshop, and desktop at work.

    You might want to keep all your work local if you are doing all your work on one computer and you want to keep it private.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    I can imagine that you may need to merge some files manually and would therefore want to be at a certain point in you local repository before you are ready to incorporate other changes.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    A Fork is like a clone that GitHub creates and that remains on their servers. GitHub keeps track of how many people Forked a given project, and stores a link in each Fork which points back to the original repository.

    A clone is a copy of repository, from a remote to a local, or from a local to another local.

    A branch resides inside a repository, and represents an independent line of development oftentimes used for bug fixes or new features.

    I would a Fork if I want to leverage an open source project either to contribute, or to use as a starting point for my own project.

    I would clone a project local to local if I wanted to use a starter repository that I created as a starting point for a game. I might also clone a repository I forked up on GitHub.

    I might create branches when starting a new feature, fixing a bug, or when collaborating on project.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

    This allows you to compare the differences between the last stored state of the remote with the changes you might have made locally before doing a merge. It also allows you see what changes your collaborators, for instance, made singce your last pull.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without GitHub's pull-request feature, I would be forced to use email and word of mouth (if I shared an office with a collaborator).

    Sometimes word of mouth is a better form of communications because discussions can take place. Using email can leave a "paper trail", but GitHub's (and BitBucket's) pull-request feature and the ability to make comments and receive email notifications directly addresses one particular need quite specifically, and thereby could be quite the time saver.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
